rm-etc-hosts, add-etc-hosts -- add/remove an hostname to/from /etc/hosts
========================================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`add-etc-hosts` [ -6 ] [ <hostname> ] <br>
`rm-etc-hosts` [ -6 ] [ <hostname> ] <br>

## DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the add-etc-hosts and the 
rm-etc-hosts commands. 

add-etc-hosts is a script that **enables** a local "bogus" hostname to
be used on the loopback interface for development purposes. While
developing sites locally it's convenient to refer to the sites through
an handle so that they can easily be reached. The way to do that is by
editing the `/etc/hosts` file and adding the desired hostname to the
line relative to `127.0.0.1`. This script automates that process.

If the `-6` optional argument is specified then it adds the hostname
also to the IPv6 loopback `::1`.

Likewise, rm-etc-hosts disables a hostname by removing the hostname
from `/etc/hosts`. 

If the hostname exists already in `/etc/hosts ` then trying to add it
again has no effect.

If the hostname doesn't exist in `/etc/hosts` then trying to remove it
has no effect.

## EXAMPLES

Enable a site (IPv4 only):
    add-etc-hosts my.local.wp.site

Disable a site (IPv4 only):
    rm-etc-hosts static.host-local

Enable a site (IPv4 and IPv6):
    add-etc-hosts my.local.drupal.site

Disable a site (IPv4 and IPv6):
    rm-etc-hosts -6 img.host-local
## FILES 

`/etc/hosts` <br>
The hosts file. Where local addresses are mapped to hostnames.

## SEE ALSO

nginx\_ensite(8), nginx\_dissite(8), a2ensite(8), a2dissite(8), nginx(1)

## COPYRIGHT

add-etc-hosts is Copyright (C) 2011 Antonio P. P. Almeida
\<appa@perusio.net\> under the terms of a MIT license.

## AVAILABILITY

The latest version of add-etc-hosts is available from: 
[https://github.com/perusio/add-etc-hosts](https://github.com/perusio/add-etc-hosts).

## AUTHOR

add-etc-hosts was written by Antonio P. P. Almeida \<appa@perusio.net\>
that also wrote the manual page.
